DOC-3355: While the plugin is generating a review or quick action, the Stop button in the loading indicator receives focus (#4079)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/8.5.0-release-notes.adoc

For information on the **<Premium plugin name 1>** plugin, see: xref:<plugincode>.adoc[<Premium plugin name 1>].

=== TinyMCE AI

The {productname} {release-version} release includes an accompanying release of the **TinyMCE AI** premium plugin.

**TinyMCE AI** includes the following improvement.

==== While the plugin is generating a review or quick action, the Stop button in the loading indicator receives focus
// #TINY-14083

> Previously, the TinyMCE AI plugin displayed the stop generating button inconsistently across different contexts. The review loading indicator used a text-based "Stop generating" button, while the AI Chat sidebar used a stop icon button. Additionally, the button did not receive focus when displayed, which compromised keyboard accessibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the TinyMCE AI plugin displayed the “Stop generating” control inconsistently across different contexts. The review loading indicator used a text-based button, while the AI Chat sidebar used an icon-based button. In addition, the control did not receive focus when it appeared, which negatively impacted keyboard accessibility.
```

> In {productname} {release-version}, the stop button in the loading indicator now matches the icon button used in the AI Chat sidebar, providing a consistent visual experience. The button also receives immediate focus when displayed, improving keyboard navigation and accessibility during content generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {productname} {release-version}, the stop button in the loading indicator now matches the icon button used in the AI Chat sidebar, providing a more consistent visual experience. The button also receives focus when displayed, improving keyboard navigation and accessibility during content generation.
```
